{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang2057\f0\fs20 NARUTO-KUN (BALANCED VERSION)\par
\cf1\lang1033\par
By Txpot (Original character by YOUKAI)\par
\par
Version: 1.4\par
\pard\tx1846\par
\pard\par
\b #Version Dates#\b0\par
-----------------------------------------------------\par
11th October 2010: Released character as version 1.0\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------\par
27th October 2010: Updated > 1.1\par
\par
1. You can now change the success rate of all super moves. \par
2. Many moves have been speeded up and have their damage increased a little.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------\par
12th January 2011: Updated > 1.2\par
\par
1. No more Winane's A.I.\par
2. Added special intro\par
3. Fixed the pallete issue. The palettes only worked on Winmugen before.\par
4. Hitting any shruiken other than the windmill one with a normal attack will create a clone of naruto. This has been fixed.\par
5. Naruto's japanese voice is here! However, it's in a separate file. To implement it, just replace the original .snd file within the character. Speaking of which, most of the voice sounds have been replaced to implement the above feature.\par
6. When Naruto gets his "Nine-tailed Fox" super countered, the full-screen effect of Naruto stays until the round ends or is restarted. This has been fixed.\par
7. Some supers actually give back some power when hitting the opponent with them. This has been fixed.\par
8. Fixed the debug flood issue that happens during any "Rasengan" based attack.\par
9. Fixed the "defeated" intro repeating issue that happened when naruto gets defeated on the first round, but wins the next round.\par
10. Updated only the successful "Rasengan" super: it now forms a giant ball that sends the opponent back!\par
11. Naruto now has a special intro againsed Sasuke by me as well.\par
12. A.I begins to attack before the round even starts. This has been fixed.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------\par
6th September 2011: Updated > 1.3\par
\par
1. You can now combo multiple weak attacks. The weak attacks that don't have much pushback now have a higher pushback.\par
2. The win quotes now only have the english language; it's too annoying to bother with the other languages. (Sorry)\par
3. You can now move during the super jump by holding forward or back while in the air.\par
4. "Windmill of Shadows". The windmill shruiken now hits the opponent and can be controlled, and it now stops when it hits the other side of the screen as well as waiting for it to produce the Naruto clone.\par
5. Any projectile thrown during the air version of "Ninja Tool Throw" can now hit opponents that are already down, but touching the floor will bring you down to your standing state.\par
6. Transitions between crouching and standing attacks (and vice-versa) are now easier to perform and can now chain between the two.\par
\par
-----------------------------------------------------\par
25th October 2012: Updated > 1.4\par
\par
1. "Windmill of Shadows". The windmill shruiken now hits the opponent and can be controlled, and it now stops when it hits the other side of the screen as well as waiting for it to produce the Naruto clone.\par
2. Any projectile thrown during the air version of "Ninja Tool Throw" can now hit opponents that are already down, but touching the floor will bring you down to your standing state. Also, you won't gain power unless you throw the projectile.\par
3. Transitions between crouching and standing attacks (and vice-versa) are now easier to perform and can now chain between the two.\par
4. Collisions of all types have been reduced by size and number considerably.\par
5. The log version of "Substitution Jutsu" now takes 500 power to perform, but is also suceptable to throws.\par
6. "Moon Kick" has less invincibility frames than before, and now prevents Naruto from standing in mid-air when hit while performing the move.\par
7. "Dash Slash" is now quicker to use for weaker versions.\par
8. Most super attacks are now easier to block.\par
9. Super-jumping is now easier to use effectively.\par
10. "Slashing Upper" is now scrapped.\par
11. Fixed an infinite with "Ninja Tool Throw", and a potential uber-damaging combo from the windmill shruiken.\par
\par
===============================================================================================\par
\b #Things left to do#\b0\par
\par
1. Bug fixes.\par
\par
===============================================================================================\par
\par
\ul\b #Introduction#\ulnone\b0\par
\par
This creation is an edit of an existing character. In this case, it's Naruto-kun by Youkai.\par
\par
I wanted to make Naruto better because the author screwed him up. He currently had long and \cf0 crappy sound clips, confusing commands, broken gameplay, overpowered attacks, and a cheap and horrible A.I. And so, I bring you this!\cf1\par
\par
I hope that you have fun with this creation, as I did making it!\par
\par
By the way, if you are interested in using some of this character's sprites, sounds, and coding, \ul\b you can use whatever you want.\ulnone\b0  There is no need to ask, since this character was created using free resources anyway. All you need to do is credit me as well as the original authors.\par
\ul\b\par
#Key Features#\ulnone\b0\par
\par
1. English Voice clips!\cf0\par
\cf1\par
2. 6-Button character!\par
\par
3. Compatiable with M.U.G.E.N 1.0!\par
\par
===============================================================================================\par
\ul\b\par
#MOVES LIST#\ulnone\b0\par
\par
\ul\b #KEY#\ulnone\b0\par
\par
QCF : Quater Circle Forward - Down, Down-Forward, Forward.\par
QCB : Quater Circle Back - Down, Down-Back, Back.\par
QCF (X2) : Quater Circle Forward twice.\par
QCB (X2) : Quater Circle Back twice.\par
?/? : Either the frst button, or the second button.\par
?+? : Both buttons.\par
(Air) : Indicates that the move can also be done in the air.\par
(Air Only) : Indicates that the move can only be done in the air.\par
\par
\par
\ul\b #Normal Moves#\ulnone\b0\par
\par
A/B/C = Kick Buttons.\par
\par
X/Y/Z = Punch Buttons.\par
\par
Start = Taunt\par
\par
Throw = X+A\par
\par
Super Jump = Down, Up/Up-Forward/Up-Back\par
\par
===============================================================================================\par
\par
\ul\b #SPECIAL MOVES#\ulnone\b0\par
\ul\b\par
\cf0\ulnone *Ninja Tool Throw :\b0  QCF + any punch button.\par
\par
Throw ninja tools at your opponent. \cf1 Button determines type of projectile, time of throwing it, speed of projectile, and damage. Windmill Shruiken can go through opponents, provided they don't block the attack.\cf0\par
\par
\b *Moon Kick : \cf1\b0 (No Air)\cf0  QCB + any kick button.\cf1\par
\par
A backwards kick that acts much like a certain character. Button determines damage, range, and how far the kick is from the air.\par
\par
\b *Dash Slash : \b0 QCB + any punch button.\par
\par
An attack that charges forward with a slashing attack. Button determines damage and range. This attack can be used in a combo, but you can only use this move once in a combo; Try to use it again and the move will miss.\par
\par
\b *Chakra Recovery : \b0  Hold B+Y.\par
\par
A power-charging move. Hold the button for more power.\par
\par
\b *Substitution Jutsu: \b0  Start. \par
\par
While taunting, get hit by an attack to teleport to a far distance without losing any life at a cost of 500 power. Also, press Start while lying on the floor with 1000 power to do a suprise attack from underground!\par
\par
===============================================================================================\par
\par
\ul\b #SUPERS#\ulnone\b0\par
\par
Except for "Nine-tailed Fox" and "Great Boss Toad", all supers need 1 powerbar to use. Except for "Nine-tailed Fox" and \cf0 "Windmill of Shadows\cf1 ", all supers have a 30% chance of failing.\par
\cf0\par
\b *Naruto Barrage :\b0  QCF + any two kick buttons.\par
\par
An attack that uses clones to smack your opponent multiple times! Three things can happen with this move, which are:\par
\par
1. The move works perfectly; clones are effective, and the damage becomes 260.\par
2. The clones appear, but they are dead! If this is the case, Naruto actually stops the attack.\par
3. The clones do not appear, but Naruto carries on the attack, and the damage becomes 150.\par
\par
\b *Rasengan :\b0  QCB + \cf1 any two punch buttons.\cf0\par
\par
An attack that summons clones to charge a ball of chakra for you to attack your opponent with. Three things can happen with this move, which are:\par
\par
1. The move works perfectly; clones are effective, and the damage becomes 250.\par
2. The clones appear, but they are dead! If this is the case, Naruto actually stops the attack.\par
3. The clones do not appear, but Naruto carries on the attack, and the damage becomes 150.\par
\par
\b *Sexy Jutsu\cf1  :\b0  (No Air) QCB + any two kick buttons.\par
\par
Uses Naruto's made-up jutsu to paralyse your opponent. \cf0 Three things can happen with this move, which are:\par
\cf1\par
\cf0 1. The move works perfectly; your opponent is frozen in place, and the damage becomes 30.\par
2. Naruto turns into a fatter version of his girl self, which causes an earthquake with an ground stomp to do 80 damage.\par
3. Naruto has the head of his girl self, which doesn't do anything.\par
\cf1\par
\cf0\lang2057\b *Great Boss Toad\cf1\lang1033  :\b0  Press C+Z. Needs 3 powerbars to use.\par
\par
Summons a giant toad to attack your enemies. If you do not use a move which makes the opponent spill out blood on you, this move takes away 5% of your maximum life the first time it is used. \cf0 Three things can happen with this move, which are:\par
\cf1\par
\cf0 1. The move works perfectly; the giant toad appears.\par
2. The toad's son appears instead.\par
3. A fish appears instead. The opponent is decked when it touches the fish.\cf1\par
\par
\cf0\b *Windmill of Shadows :\b0  QCF + \cf1 any two punch buttons.\cf0\par
\par
An attack that uses a Windmill Shruiken to attack your enemies. Hold Up or Down to alter its projectory. After a while, it changes into a clone of Naruto and throws a bunch of ninja tools at your opponent.\par
\cf1\par
\cf0\b *Nine-tailed Fox :\b0  Press Start when your life is less than 100, but not after defeating your opponent\cf1 .\cf0\par
\par
An attack that summons the Nine-tailed Fox to help you out, restoring your health by half in exchange to limiting your powerbar to 1 and always failing super moves. The attack that follows afterwards can do up to 300 damage. This move can only be used once in a match (or in M.U.G.E.N 1.0, once in an Arcade run). If you press Start when the round is over, you will taunt instead. During the move, you can choose one of the following actions you can do by pressing the coresponding buttons, which are:\par
\par
1. A/X: Naruto charges at his opponent and then starts punching them, finishing with a moon kick.\par
\par
2. C/Z: Naruto charges a Rasengan and then runs towards the opponent, dealing heavy damage.\cf1\par
\par
===============================================================================================\par
\par
\ul\b #A.I# \ulnone\b0\par
\par
This character has an AI system to choose from, depending on the difficulty setting in "Options" (But only in 1.0): \par
\par
Difficulty = 1: The character won't attack at all.\par
Difficulty = 2: Grabbing spree!\par
Difficulty = 3: Flailing attacks, regardless of distance.\par
Difficulty = 4: Like above, but now does it close to you. At a far range, will sometimes use \cf0 Moon Kick and \cf1 Rasengan.\par
Difficulty = 5: Can now chain attacks, but won't use any anti-air moves on air opponents. Character will now dash towards you. Also, blocking enabled.\par
Difficulty = 6: Like above, but will also try to get you while you're in the air.\par
Difficulty = 7: Mastery of attacks and combos, the character will try to set you up with devastating combos while constantly preventing you from recovering.\par
Difficulty = 8: ??? \par
\par
===============================================================================================\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\ul\b\f1 #\lang2057\f0 SUCCESS RATE\lang1033\f1 # \par
\lang2057\ulnone\b0\f0\par
\pard\lang1033 This character \f1 has a success rate you can edit. When this is on, all supers apart from \f0 "Nine-tailed Fox" and \cf0 "Windmill of Shadows\cf1 " have a \f1 33% success rate. \par
\par
To switch between the lot, go into "Naruto-Balanced_-2.cns" (without quotes) using Notepad or something similar and find a line like this:\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\lang2057\f0\par
;=============================================================================\par
;============================= OPTIONS =========================================\par
;=============================================================================\par
;\par
; To set the Success Rate, go to this state and change the number on the\par
; line highlighted to what number you want.\par
;\par
;====================  Valid Values  =========================================\par
; 0 : Off - 100% success rate\par
; 1 : On - 30% success rate\par
\par
[State Success Rate]\par
type = Varset\par
trigger1 = 1\par
v = 23\par
value = 0 ; <- Set to whatever value you want.\par
\par
\pard\lang1033\f1 Change the number on the line highlighted to what number you want. Save the changes, or the change will have no effect!\par
\par
\f0 ===============================================================================================\par
\par
\ul\b #Combos# \ulnone\b0\par
\par
This character can perform different attacks into combos to damage the oppoment. The attacks for the combo can be made up of standing attacks, crouching attacks, and even aerial attacks.\par
\par
\ul\b Examples\ulnone\b0\par
\par
Combo 1: Standing Weak Punch > Standing Medium Punch > Crouching Hard Punch > Super Jump > Jump Weak Punch, Jump Medium Punch > Jump Strong Punch.\par
\par
Combo 2: Jump Weak Punch, Jump Medium Punch > Jump Strong Punch > Ninja Tool Throw\par
\par
===============================================================================================\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\lang2057\ul\b #Palettes#\ulnone\b0\par
\par
There are 12 colours. See six of them by pressing any of the normal buttons, and get the other six by holding start and then press any of the normal buttons.\par
\pard\lang1033\par
===============================================================================================\par
\ul\b\par
\cf0\f1 #Known Bugs And Glitches#\ulnone\b0\par
\par
\cf1 1. \par
\ul\b\f0\par
\ulnone\b0 ===============================================================================================\par
\par
\ul\b #Credits#\ulnone\b0\par
\par
\cf0 Here are the people I thank for letting me use, or I helped myself to, their coding, sprites, and whatnot. \cf1\par
\par
Winane and co: For the A.I. activation code.\par
Youkai: for the original character itself. \par
\f1 P.O.T.S: Original damage dampening code.\f0\par
Cybaster: TONS of feedback for this character.\par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\lang2057 and You: For downloading this character! If you have any suggestions, comments, and bug reports, please drop a line sometime. My email address is this: \b txpot1@gmail.com!\par
\par
\b0 If you would like to see more of my creations, go to my website below this sentence!\b\par
\par
\pard http://members.multimania.co.uk/txpot/index.html\par
\lang1033\par
\b0 See ya!\par
\par
\cf0\lang2057\par
\par
}
 